[Doc] Make doc code snippet testable [7/n] (#36960)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/debug-apps/debug-failures.rst

What Kind of Failures Exist in Ray?
-----------------------------------

> Ray consists of 2 major APIs. ``.remote()`` to create a task/actor and :func:`ray.get <ray.get>` to get the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray consists of two major APIs. ``.remote()`` to create a Task or Actor, and :func:`ray.get <ray.get>` to get the result.
```

> Debugging Ray means identifying and fixing failures from remote processes that run functions and classes (task and actor) created by the ``.remote`` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugging Ray means identifying and fixing failures from remote processes that run functions and classes (Tasks and Actors) created by the ``.remote`` API.
```

Ray APIs are future APIs (indeed, it is :ref:`possible to convert Ray object references to standard Python future APIs <async-ref-to-futures>`),
and the error handling model is the same. When any remote tasks or actors fail, the returned object ref will contain an exception.
When you call ``get`` API to the object ref, it raises an exception.

.. testcode::

  import ray
  @ray.remote
  def f():
      raise ValueError("it's an application error")

  # Raises a ValueError.
  try:
    ray.get(f.remote())
  except ValueError as e:
    print(e)

.. testoutput::

  ...
  ValueError: it's an application error

> In Ray, there are 3 types of failures. See exception APIs for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ray, there are three types of failures. See exception APIs for more details.
```

For example, some workers may need to communicate with GCS to schedule Actors (worker <-> GCS connection).
Your Driver can invoke Actor methods (worker <-> worker connection).

Ray can support 1000s of raylets and 10000s of worker processes. When a Ray cluster gets larger,

> each component can have an increasing number of network connections which requires file descriptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each component can have an increasing number of network connections, which requires file descriptors.
```
